Chatbot using LangChain
Overview
This project implements a chatbot using LangChain, a framework that combines OpenAI's language models with SQL databases for enhanced conversational capabilities. The chatbot interacts with users in a conversational manner, providing responses generated by the underlying language model.

Features
Conversational Interface: Users can interact with the chatbot through a user-friendly interface.
OpenAI Integration: Utilizes OpenAI's powerful language model for generating responses.
SQL Database Integration: Integrates with SQL databases to store and retrieve information, enhancing the chatbot's capabilities.
Requirements
Python 3.7+
Streamlit
LangChain
OpenAI API Key
Databricks SQL Database connection details
Installation
Clone the repository:

bash
Copy code
git clone https://github.com/https://github.com/sridhar341/LLM-Project
Install dependencies:

Copy code
pip install -r requirements.txt
Obtain an API key from OpenAI and Databricks SQL Database connection details.

Update the configuration in the app.py file with your API key and database connection details.

Usage
Run the Streamlit app:

arduino
Copy code
streamlit run app.py
Interact with the chatbot by entering text in the input field.

The chatbot will respond to user input based on the trained language model and database interactions.

Configuration
OpenAI API Key: Replace OPENAI_API_KEY in app.py with your OpenAI API key.
Databricks SQL Database Connection: Update the connection details in app.py with your Databricks SQL Database information.
Contributing
Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit a pull request or open an issue for any improvements or suggestions.

License
This project is licensed under the MIT License.

Acknowledgements
LangChain: GitHub Repository
Streamlit: Documentation
OpenAI: API Documentation
Contact
For any inquiries or feedback, please contact Sridhar.
